[Applause]
you may now enter the examination hall
no talking please
this is the Natural Sciences fry toss
pot to 2020 astrophysics paper one all
electrical devices must be paired off
and outside the examination or you may
miss this one application
[Music]
the time is now all minutes holds 12 now
begin to have your paper
[Music]
ten minutes remaining
the examination has ended please put
your pens down
[Music]
hello everyone and welcome to my final
year Cambridge exam season at home I am
breaking it I'm so nervous and I always
get nervous for exams so I don't know
why I'm surprised at myself but here I
am feeling a teeny bit sick and my first
exam starts in 20 minutes time isn't
that lovely
I'll just do a quick introduction for
those of you who don't know me I'm Paige
I am a third-year student at the
University of Cambridge I'm in my final
year and I am just about to start my
final exams I have got four exams that
are each three hours long over the next
week and then I'll be done I will have
completed a degree apart from let's not
talk about that
I study Natural Sciences and this year I
specialized in astrophysics
so the subject matter of my exams is
pretty cool I get to answer exam
questions on cosmology and tell a
structure in evolution the dynamics of
galaxies the one thing I'm not excited
about though is the location of my exams
because as you can see right now I am
sitting in my bedroom at home we are
currently all still on lockdown
I can't go to an exam hall and sit my
exams as I normally would so everyone is
sitting their exams at home this year it
feels really weird but I've tried to set
up as best I can
I've got a box of tissues behind me but
if I need to cry during the exam I'm
sorted let me show you around my room so
here we have the examination Hall for
one candidate as you enter the room you
see the examination table this is one
perk of seeing exams at home I have this
massive space to spread out all my work
rather than the tiny square desks that
we usually get n exams or my setup I've
got a laptop in case I need to look
anything up it is allowed it's not
cheating our exams are open book and we
can use the internet if we want to got
my calculator bottle of water formula
book for all those useful formula that I
might need during the exam paper
okay it's not a clear one but I don't
think anyone's gonna tell me off for
that this year and then you make it to
the bet where I've got all of my note
from this year on top of each set of
lecture notes I've got a cheat sheet for
each module and basically I've written
down all the key points from each module
that I want to be able to remember or
recall quickly so that when I go on to
answering the question for each module I
can just refer to the cheat sheet I have
eight modules so you can see eight
stacks here I'm gonna be sitting here
and then suddenly when I flip to a
question on a certain module I'm gonna
grab the necessary pile and over there
are my flashcards my beloved flashcards
which I was worried wouldn't help me
that much this year since my exams are
open book but I think it's still useful
to have a lot of it in the brain because
there's not much time to be flipping
three notes in the exam I'm not sure
whether they are actually refer to them
during the exam they're more of a
revision tool but they're over there
laid out if I need them and yeah now I
am just waiting until midday at which
point I can download the exam online and
print it off we don't actually have to
print it off if we don't want to we can
work off our laptops or computers but
for me I like to write on the actual
exam paper and circle questions that I
want to do and star things I want to
come back to also I forgot to mention
that I'm wearing my denim dress today
and this is purposeful because I wore
this dress on my first day of my first
year exams in first year and also the
first day of my exams in second year so
it's a bit of a tradition that this is
my first exam outfit I am going to sit
down and go through some final
flashcards in my last 15 minutes or so
before my exam but I will speak to you
guys afterwards
I'm so nervous don't make me do it why
Oh
okay that is one exam complete it was
okay you know it was actually okay I
finished about an hour ago but it's
taken me no joke an hour to scan all of
my answers the way they're doing it is
we download the paper and then we scan
all the answers and send them off
afterwards except there's so much
labeling you have to do you need to put
your blind grade number on every single
sheet you've got to number your pages
and each answer you have to put them
into different bundles depending on the
letter assigned to each question you
have to do a separate master cover sheet
and also cover sheets for each separate
bundle it's quite confusing and I'm so
paranoid that I'm going to suddenly lose
pages of my answers and I want
everything marks you know yeah I'm not
going to dwell on the exam I've just had
too much because I always psych myself
out I always managed to convince myself
that I've done worse than I actually
have done or it could convince myself
that I've done better than I actually
have done I'm so bad at judging how
exams go that I'm just not even going to
think about it I'm feeling quite pleased
with myself I've made an achievement
I've done an exam so I've come out for
walks with my parents getting some fresh
air the weather has been so beautiful
recently and I feel like I've missed it
all because I've just been revising in
my room and every time I've looked
outside for any
these guys run outside a newsagent the
closest I've been to a shop in months
hello everyone so I have taken a bit of
time off this afternoon
just because exams are pretty intense
you know the adrenaline gets going you
focusing for three hours straight and
you're really really going for it but
now I'm back at my desk after having
dinner I've got my paper from earlier
here as I mentioned before we have eight
modules this year and each paper has a
question from each module so there's
eight questions per paper a question per
module which means you can't just divide
your revision up in some modules and
focus on this module before paperwhite
and focus on this module before paper
two because every single module is
assessed in one paper it kind of makes
it harder to revise the papers and you
have to spread yourself a bit more
thinly but it does mean you have a
better idea of what questions are going
to come up in the future papers once a
topic is assessed in the first paper I
can be pretty certain is not going to
come up in the second paper the third
paper on the fourth paper so I can
basically tick topics off that they've
already asked about it basically means I
have a better chance of predicting what
questions are going to come up later in
the week and I can tailor my revision
towards those topics so I'm gonna get
out my handy little Excel spreadsheet
I've made which has all my modules
broken down into subtopics I originally
made it as a revision list so that I
could tip things off one side revise
them but now I'm going to make it into a
checklist of what has been asked about
already in exams so today I was asked
about the rent boosts sure I didn't do
the second part of this questions so I
don't actually know it was asking about
timing is really a killer with these
exams there's a bit of a different
marking system this year to what I'm
used to they reward people who have got
more stuck into one question as opposed
to completing lots of small parts of
different questions so it can actually
be better to answer less questions in
the exam but do a more complete attempt
at the ones you do answer we're allowed
to answer up to six questions out of the
eight that were given in it
paper I'm really when you're in the exam
it's hard to figure out what is best to
spend your time on and I don't know
hopefully I made the right decisions in
the exam today I did sacrifice some
parts of some questions it had to be
done
the three hours were given is definitely
not enough to complete six questions
fully the next module I answered a
question on today was Astrophysical
fluid dynamics they asked about the
creation disks oh those some messy
algebra in this question actually I'm
pretty sure I saw an error in one of the
it sound questions the trouble with is
all sitting exams at home this year is
we can't raise any mistakes in the exam
paper with the examiners normally when
you're in an exam who all the examiners
are present for the first 20 minutes of
the exam and you can query things in the
paper if you need to however while we're
all sitting them at home we have no
means of contacting the examiners and
querying what is written and we've just
been told to make a note on our exam
paper if we think that is an issue I
think there is an issue with this or
maybe I'm just being really stupid
that's also an option I'm pretty
convinced they've made the mistake but
anyway I'm gonna get on with seeking off
topics and do some light to revision
this evening I don't have an exam
tomorrow
I have a day off there's been an okay
first day of exams getting stressed
about exams is intrinsic to my
personality I don't know why I'm always
so on edge especially this year when
they don't matter as much because I do
have a safety net which means if the
grade I get in these exams is less than
the two one that I got last year my
grade will automatically be bumped up to
a to one anyway the one requirement of
me this year is to pass these exams it's
not like I've been sitting around doing
nothing so I'm quietly confident that I
can do that anyway I will speak to you
guys tomorrow
[Music]
okay three two watchin
action
[Music]